In the daytime, I'm Marinette.
Just a normal girl with a normal life.
But there's something about me
that no one knows yet.
Because I have a secret.
♪ Miraculous! Simply the best! ♪
♪ Up to the test when things go wrong! ♪
♪ Miraculous! The luckiest! ♪
♪ The power of love, always so strong! ♪
♪ Miraculous! ♪
[roars]
Nadia Chamack, live above Paris.
Escaped animals are invading the city.
But Ladybug, Cat Noir and Rena Rouge
are already on the spot.
I'm sure they'll get them
back in the zoo fast!
Right, sir! They are the best.
Ah, I wish I could be a superhero.
The powers, the secrets, the costume.
That would be awesome, right?
Ha, ha, ha! Yeah, sure.
How can I become one? You think
there is some kind of superhero school?
Or maybe some super secret
training facility?
-You wanna know my secret?
-Yeah! Totally! I love this game!
"I have a serious crush on this boy,
but he has no idea."
[laughs]
That boy's clueless!
OK, now it's my turn.
"I can stick my big toe inside my ear"?
[laughs]
Let's stop beating about the bush.
[alarm]
-The movie! I totally forgot!
-But we haven't finished yet.
I've really gotta split.
I asked Chloé to come!
Remember? The girl I told you about
in my class? Next time, I promise!
"The boy I'm crushing on is... you!"
Poor little mermaid.
How many times have you tried to tell
your prince how you feel?
And how many times has he dismissed you?
Fly away, my little akuma,
and evilise her!
Come on, guys,
you wouldn't eat a cousin, would you?
Mirage!
How about some tasty chops instead?
[cheering]
Pound it!
-Hey! Where are you going?
-Rena's about to transform back!
So, you're allowed to know
her true identity but I'm not?
Because I have to get her Miraculous back!
So what's my role?
The guy who's always left in the dark?
-What else are you hiding from me?
-We really gotta jam!
OK, I'll talk to him about it.
Him? Who's him?
Uh... when the time is right, Cat Noir.
I promise.
I hate secrets.
We can do this again whenever you want--
-[phone rings]
-Oh! The movie!
Later!
[Ladybug] Spots off!
Uh... If you want to get to that movie
on time, you better go the way Alya went.
Sorry, Tikki, we'll just have to miss
the trailers again.
Syren, I am Hawk Moth.
I am giving you the power to turn Paris
into your own underwater kingdom,
for you and your prince.
In return, you must bring me
Ladybug and Cat Noir's Miraculous.
May they all sink under my sorrow.
You're three minutes
and 37 seconds late! Everybody's inside.
-Is Chloé here?
-Ha, ha!
She's watching
Mechamonkey vs Cybersharks 3.
I think your swimming cap's on too tight,
Kim.
[panting]
Ah! Let me guess.
Marinette hasn't arrived yet?
True to form.
We'll save you both a seat!
Ooh! Marinette, Marinette, Marinette.
Aaah!
Perfect. Now come and tell me
what's bothering you, Marinette.
-Huh? How do you... ?
-Ha, ha, ha.
-Hold on. You both stay here.
-Oh, Master, please!
Kwamis must never know the recipe
that can modify their powers. Ever!
Modify their powers?
Imagine what would happen if one of you
were captured by Hawk Moth's kwami.
Aaah!
-So, what's on your mind?
-Master Fu,
Cat Noir's asking more and more questions.
He's tired of being left in the dark.
Tell me. Do you put the noodles
in the water before the water boils?
-Uh... no.
-Exactly.
That's because
there's a right time for everything.
-Uh... What are you cooking exactly?
-When fed with specific ingredients,
the kwamis can grant special power.
Each power's specific mix is listed here,
encoded in the grimoire.
I've deciphered most of the ingredients.
For example, for aquatic powers you need
"a branch from the dragon king's garden".
That's "seaweed".
"Secret kept in a shell"
is "an oyster pearl".
But the last one still puzzles me.
"A Tear of Joy". I can't figure it out,
and it's required for almost every blend.
Oh! Maybe it could be
some dancing ant honeydew!
I think I may have finally got
the right mix.
Aaah!
"Hey, Cat Noir, do you trust me?"
"Sure, Ladybug, do you trust me too?"
"Are you kidding?
I will never trust you! Ha, ha, ha!"
[sighs]
-You must know what she's hiding from me.
-I'm just a kwami, Adrien.
And we have a right to remain silent.
Pity. Just when I was about to order you
some very tasty cheese.
Ever sampled "la Trappe d'Echourgnac"?
It says here it tastes like walnuts.
I can't be swayed. Sorry.
Did you know about
the "Fourme de Montbrison"?
-It's the oldest cheese in the world!
-You don't say?
Yes, and do you know
why its rind is orange?
Because they age it on special
boards of spruce wood!
There's only one thing in this world
that smells as good as cheese!
-[takes deep breaths]
-Which one do you prefer?
-"Tomme des Beauges" or "Saint-Aillon"?
-Aaah!
Mmm! There's a slight flavour to it.
Yes! I remember it being a lot like this!
I knew it!
Wayzz! Power up!
A little more salt, maybe?
Oh... Failed again.
[phone rings]
Hey, Alya! Yeah, what's up?
The movie? Of course I didn't forget!
Uh... I'm almost there!
Sorry, Master.
Good luck finding the secret ingredient!
[sighs]
Coming! Sorry, I was...
No time to explain. Come on!
Hi!
Sorry, sorry, sorry!
What's going on?
Aaah!
-OK, who left the faucet running?
-The stairs! Quick!
-Hurry up!
-Everyone up on the roof!
Tomme de Quercy with truffles,
raw-milk Camembert,
aged on vine leaves,
marinated in Emmenthal juice. Oh!
[Plagg] La-la-la-la-la-la.
Looks like your cheese strategy
will have to tread water!
Don't worry. This isn't over!
Plagg! Claws out!
-My circuits are sensitive to water!
-Woohoohoo! [splash] Ha, ha, ha!
Come on guys! I can teach you to swim
in two seconds flat, Markov!
You put your arms like this,
then push your legs and...
It's kinda like being a frog.
And it helps to think as a frog.
Kim!
Where is he? Can you see him?
-Marinette! What are you doing?
-Um... I'm gonna go get help! I'm fine!
OK, so... I guess we're saved, then?
Kim! I've found you, at last!
OK. We are alone!
Tikki, spots on! Ha!
Ha! This is amazing! I can breathe
underwater, just like a fish!
I knew you'd love it. I have lots
of other surprises for you. You'll see!
Hey!
My prince!
With every new environment
comes a new set of rules, Ladybug!
You won't be able to win this time.
Ladybugs can't breathe under water!
Syren, are you going to let Ladybug
steal your prince away from you?
Never!
-Aaah!
-Ladybug?
You didn't tell me
you were going swimming today.
I wasn't planning on it. Ladybugs aren't
exactly cut out for deep-sea diving.
Cats aren't exactly
crazy about water either.
Is there any chance
you can get us a submarine?
Paw-ssibly, Kitty Cat.
Lucky charm!
Huh! Well, we can use it
to scoop up the water.
-It'll just take a long time.
-Oh! I'll be right back!
Wait! Where are you going?
-I can't...
-Say anything. Yeah, I know.
But we are a team, aren't we?
I'm tired of all these secrets.
I'm sorry. It's not exactly easy for me,
either, trust me.
Spots off!
Master Fu? Master?
This way.
-We can't defeat the mermaid under water.
-I know.
And unfortunately, I haven't found
the correct blend that could help you out.
I've failed you.
No way!
We are going to find that last ingredient!
The "tear of joy"? I've tried everything,
water from the Laughing Fountain,
snow from the Mountain of Jubilation,
drops of pure chocolate.
But have you tried
a real tear of joy?
-What?
-Come on! Tell me a really funny joke!
Do you think
this is really the time to have fun?
-OK. Why do you go to bed at night?
-I don't know, I...
-Because the bed won't come to you!
-Ha, ha, ha!
What goes up, but doesn't move?
-Stairs!
-Ha, ha, ha!
What does a snail say
when it rides on a turtle's back?
-Woohoo!
-Ha, ha, ha!
I think you just found
the magic ingredient, Marinette!
Mmm. Yummy!
Tikki, power up!
AquaTikki!
AquaTikki, spots on! Yeah!
Master Fu, I think it's time you put
those noodles into the boiling water.
You're right, Ladybug.
I'll take care of it.
This is so dumb.
Claws in.
What's taking her so long?
Whoa! Easy! What are you doing?
Tell me what Ladybug
is hiding from me or I'm done.
-You can't do that!
-Why not?
No one will know if I quit.
No one will care.
-I will.
-Why?
'Cause no one will give you camembert?
Oh, I'm sure there will be another
Cat Noir to give me cheese.
But he won't be you.
-Hello, Cat Noir!
-Huh?
Adrien, please reconsider.
You know what your father wants.
-This is what I want to do!
-[groaning]
Thank you, young man.
-You? You're the man who--
-I'll explain everything, I promise.
But right now,
you must go and help Ladybug.
Oh, no! I hate transforming!
Ha, ha, ha, ha!
I love what you've done with the pool.
It's awesome!
This is the pool where the old me tried to
pour her heart out to you so many times.
Uh... But I've never seen
a Syren at the pool!
[chuckles]
-Ondine?
-I'm your Syren, now,
and you could be my Merman.
It only needs a kiss,
and you'll become like me.
You mean,
I could swim as fast as you do?
Yes, Kim. You'll be my prince and we'll
rule this underwater city together...
forever.
Wait. Does this mean I'd never get to see
Mechamonkeys vs Cybersharks 3?
-What?
-Oh, yes, you will. Don't worry!
In fact, you can make it
to the next showing!
The three of us can go together.
I'll even share my popcorn!
I knew those Miraculous
had hidden powers.
Syren! There's too many fish in this sea!
Take their Miraculous
before they take your Merman away!
Aaah!
Your new outfits are so cool!
Oh, um, thanks!
But what happened to your friend
that got her so worked up?
We were playing "Secrets". She was
trying to tell me I'm the boy she likes.
-But I was a doofus and didn't realise.
-Game of secrets? What kind?
Ondine invented it.
You write down a secret
and put it in the bracelet.
It's awesome! You wanna know my secret?
That's where the akuma must be!
Aqua lucky charm!
Car keys?
I guess we should hit the road, then.
Here, you can breathe through this.
Kim!
Hey! We're not done yet!
Ladybug!
What have you done to my prince?
-I think he took someone else to the ball.
-I won't let you steal him from me!
Kim is mine!
-Cat Noir, are you all right?
-Yeah, Bugaboo, I'm like a fish in water!
Now be ready to strike!
Cat Noir, now!
Looks like I've got a nibble!
How cool! I've always wanted a goldfish!
No more evildoing for you, little akuma.
Time to de-evilise!
Gotcha!
Bye-bye, little butterfly!
Miraculous Ladybug!
-Thank you for keeping your promise.
-We are a team, aren't we?
-Pound it!
Each blend corresponds to a new power.
Oh, wow! That's a lot of powers!
You should keep these vials with you
at all times, just in case.
Well, that's not very practical.
Only the ingredients matter.
They could be contained in anything.
Then, I may just have an idea!
My little girl's
mini macaroons are ready!
Mmm! They look so good!
Uh... actually... I'll taste them first
and see if they are good!
My daughter baked them.
They're bound to be great!
Mmm... magical macaroons!
I love your idea, Marinette!
-One magicaroon, one transformation!
-The blue one looks yummy!
You'll see. I'm told it's icy!
Wanna play a game of secrets?
Ha, ha!
"Wanna go to the movies with me?"
[door bell rings]
-Who is it?
-Over here. Lower.
Hello, I'm Mr Chan. Adrien's
Chinese tutor could not come today.
I'll be replacing him.
Hmm.
-What time is it?
-[Chinese translation]
[repeats Chinese translation]
Very good, Adrien. It's the right time.
Adrien, here is Mr Chan. He'll be
your substitute teacher for today.
Hello, Adrien. I think you and I
should have a little talk.
Adrien, meet Master Fu,
the last guardian of the Miraculous.
-Nooroo. How can I obtain more powers?
-What do you mean, master?
Don't treat me like an idiot!
They have new powers. How did they do it?
-We kwamis do not know the recipes.
-It's inside this grimoire, isn't it?
-Can't you read it?
-Only guardians can.
-I don't know anything. I swear!
-Well, then,
I will have to find this guardian
of the Miraculous, wherever he is!
Oh, no! I hate transforming!